Where could Raguel be?
Any ideas?
Because he's using TV signals
to boost his sonar,
there are only
two places he could be.
[EMI] Then why the hell
did we come here?
This is my office,
not a broadcast station!
[URUSHIHARA] Raguel set up
camp in one of these towers,
and we gotta figure out which.
[MAOU]
How could we possibly do that?
We're gonna use
his own strategy against him
and send out a sonar pulse
on Docodemo's frequency band.
We'll know it's him
when we ping a big-ass spot
of celestial force.
Huh? The TVs exploding already
scared the crap outta people!
These poor humans won't
have any crap left to crap
if their phones blow up, too!
[URUSHIHARA] Rein in your
strength and that won't happen.
Worst case scenario's
a network outage.
You know how much
of a pain that'd be?
My shift at the
call center tomorrow
would be a living nightmare.
[MAOU]
Sick priorities.
So sorry that I don't
want unnecessary work!
Let's split up
and find this guy ASAP.
Yeesh, fine.
[EMI]
I'll hit that one.
You guys head over there.
Don't screw up.
Divine Boots of Light!
Perhaps she's right.
I'd like to believe we've
outgrown our penchant
for destroying the city.
Yeah, yeah.
Suzuno and Urushihara stay here.
If either tower is
lookin' action-packed,
give 'em reinforcements.
Understood.
Let's go, Ashiya!
Right.
As you wish.
[TRAIN ANNOUNCER]
Next stop. Aoyama-Itchome.
Aoyama-Itchome.
Exit here for
Ginza and Hanzomon--
[MAOU]
This place is stupid crowded!
Ya think an angel could
really be holed up in there?
Well, it's our duty
to investigate!
This blows.
We had to spend
money for this jerk.
What's our plan, Sire?
How shall we ascend this beast?
The typical choice
would be the elevator,
but it's possible to
climb up via the stairs.
They seem rather unused,
perhaps he's hiding there.
[MAOU] For real? That's
the Everest of staircases!
Wrong tower, maybe?
I should hang here for a while,
and then I'll go check on 'em.
Chilly!
[GABRIEL sneezes]
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama! Bad guy's up there!
[screams]
Ow! My beautiful buttcheeks.
You humpty dumptied me.
Totes freezing to death already.
Then die faster!
Hey, got a tissue?
One of those moisturizing
ones, per chance?
--[sneezes]
--[EMI] Ugh!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Nuh-uh! Wrong way!
[GABRIEL]
You missed me!
Bang!
I'm the winner!
So are you gonna kill me
and take Alas Ramus?
No offense,
but I'm over that now.
Are you the one
playing with sonar?
Lil ol' me?
I'm supposed to make sure this
tower's signals don't interfere.
The mastermind you're
after would be Raguel.
Do you know where he's hiding?
And why this toolbag is so
desperate to find my mother?
[GABRIEL] Aw, man,
I wanted to be the one
to tell you Lailah was here.
Oh, well, good thing
I have even juicer info.
[EMI]
Don't toy with me!
[GABRIEL] Whether or not
you believe it is up to you,
but don't you wanna hear?
[EMI grunts]
[MAOU panting]
Hey. Ashiya?
[ASHIYA panting]
What is it, my liege?
It just occurred to me.
That there was an
easier way to do this.
We could've elevatored up.
And taken the stairs
all the way down.
Ah! That's true!
I swear. If he's downstairs,
like, shoving food into
his dumb face hole?
I'mma stuff a soda up
his ass so fast!
[SUZUNO] I haven't seen
a single sign of conflict
from either of the towers.
I bet they're still looking.
It's summer vacation, so tourist
spots are gonna be packed.
Ugh... This sucks booty.
We could always do my sonar idea
now that the lame-o is gone.
Are you suggesting that I do it?
[URUSHIHARA]
Well, duh, I'm not gonna do it.
[CHIHO moans]
Come on, Mom.
I keep telling you that
I can't have milk in my coffee
because it makes my guts rumbly.
[gasps]
What is this place?
A hospital?
Can I help you?
What do you mean
"I'm being too picky"? How rude!
Every tummy is built different,
and some are more
sensitive than others!
My left hand?
You're saying that this
is a shard of Yesod?
It's not hot anymore,
but I'll share some sips
if you're thirsty!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Don't do it!
Bad guy has bad stuff!
[GABRIEL] Chillax,
I didn't poison it or anything.
Ew, cold.
[EMI] Gonna spill
your "juicy information"?
You should know all of us
angels live by the same motto.
"Avert crisis in Heaven
with all your might."
Bada bing, bada boom, yeah?
[EMI] What does that
have to do with my mother?
[GABRIEL] Heaven is on
the verge of splitting in two.
You might think I'm joshing,
but a big part of
the reason why, is you.
[EMI]
I don't have time for this.
Just spit it out already.
Somebody's impatient.
Simmer down, Hero.
The second you
stepped on to Earth,
your very existence was
designated a Heavenly crisis.
[EMI]
And why's that?
Your momma's an angel,
and your daddy's a human, right?
Yeah, so what's your point?
[GABRIEL]
Excuse the crude example, but...
...do you think that a
human could make a baby
with a chimpanzee?
No, that would be
impossible, obviously!
They're totally
different species!
Huh?
Yeah! That same logic
could get you thinking,
"How'd a human
and an angel reproduce?"
Angels aren't
the paranormal beings
legends made us out to be.
We're just the same as humans,
but that info is at the
tippiest top of top secret.
If people found out that angels
are regular dudes and dudettes.
their systems of faith
and worship would crumble.
[EMI] That explains
why you're after my mom.
She's not our only target.
And depending on
Raguel's final judgement,
Heaven may go
after your pops, too,
now that he's here on Earth.
Are you for real? You're saying
that my dad is here?
[GABRIEL]
Bingo!
I wasn't lying when
I told ya this was juicy.
Them's the facts.
Papa Nord Justina's alive.
[LAILAH]
That's my story.
I hope you're willing
to help me.
This must be hard.
I'm asking you to take
my word on so much.
I'll help. All the Ente Islans
I know are good people.
Though they probably
wouldn't tell you that.
Wise choice.
Thank you.
Tell me, what's
your preferred weapon?
Uh... I've never really
used it as a weapon before.
But thanks to the Archery Club,
I know my way around
a bow and arrow!
Cool.
Y'know, that's how gamers
replenish their force, too.
Well, it's now or never.
[SUZUNO]
Holy Seeker.
I hoped the observation decks
would be lucrative.
Screw him!
Those dumb
top-deck tickets cost extra!
Anything?
Two hits,
15 kilometers that way.
[URUSHIHARA]
Emi and Raguel?
[SUZUNO]
Perhaps.
But it could also be
Emilia and Alas Ramus.
And at Maou's tower?
[SUZUNO]
There's one hit.
[URUSHIHARA] Then that's gotta
be the watcher, doesn't it?
We should give
everybody a heads-up.
Hold on.
I'm sensing one more hit.
We must ready ourselves.
It's coming toward us.
Uh. Good Chiho?
Damn, girl. You cool?
I don't have time
to explain right now.
Miss Suzuno, did
you send out that sonar?
Yes, 'twas I.
She told me that's not good.
Don't do it anymore please.
She says the world could
get thrown off balance.
Dude, who's "she"?
You gotta fill us in.
And now, I'm supposed to say,
"Leave me alone, dummy!"
And stick out my tongue.
[URUSHIHARA]
Huh? What're you talking about?
Wave-Rending Light!
[URUSHIHARA]
A Heavenly Regiment!
Everyone remain where you are!
Chiho, if there's
a task you must fulfill,
you can leave them to us
and be on your way.
Right! Good luck, guys!
[speaking in ENTE ISLA]
[SUZUNO] Halt! If you
wish to pass, challenge me.
Lay down your weapons, now!
You foolish girl!
Impede us,
and you impede the will of God!
[SUZUNO]
Silence, philistine!
You dare speak
to me of God's will?
The same God who told us
to "love thy neighbor"?
That God disdains you.
You terrorize this world.
And you try to lay your filthy
hands on an innocent woman?
Want to know God?
I'll expedite your meeting!
You're merely a human!
You can't judge
Heavenly servants!
Get out of our way!
Star-Rending Light!
Pain's our existence!
Don't underestimate mankind!
Who shall be my next victim?
Yeah, get rekt.
[STUDENT A]
She's not even that hot!
She's so hot!
My liege.
Our disrupted do's give
evidence of another sonar usage.
Raguel is nowhere to be seen,
and I can't get Emi
to pick up her phone.
[CIVILIAN B]
Whoa, what's that?
Aurora Borealis?
[CIVILIAN C]
You can't see that from Tokyo!
[ASHIYA]
Some result of celestial force?
I don't think so.
Looks like--
[RAGUEL]
Great.
If that waste-of-wings Gabriel
screws up one more thing,
I swear.
You again!
Hey! If it's not
my udon shop amigo!
FYI, the udon they
sell here is good, too!
Not to brag,
but I even used chopsticks.
You're Raguel?
And you've been eating down
here this whole time?
Yeah!
Sire. Pardon me, is this...?
Without a doubt.
I don't have a clue what's going
on, but we've got magic, people!
Hey! Who the hell are you guys?
[MAOU]
Just the fools you scammed.
We wasted so much
money looking for you!
I hope you like
soda, douche-fro.
He's been alive all this time?
Are you sad 'cause
your tummy has ouchies?
[EMI]
Oh, no. I'm okay, baby.
Just confused.
Mama doesn't know
what to do. Jeez.
Do what you want!
[EMI] I've based almost
everything on wanting
to avenge my father.
What does it mean for me
if he's alive?
If there's no one to avenge,
are you still my enemy?
The time has come.
Gimme!
Wait, you were serious
about the soda thing?
[GABRIEL]
How sweet!
This looks like a
fun little gathering.
I assure you it isn't.
He went full King Satan on me.
Thanks for no heads-up
about that, Gabe.
I didn't know there'd
be a wave of magic.
Must've been Lailah's handiwork.
Why are you here?
I gave you
very clear instructions
to stay at the other tower.
He was at the other tower?
Where's Emi?
Yeesh, dude.
She was doing pretty bad.
I don't believe that
she'll be joining us tonight.
Sister needs some real TLC.
[MAOU]
What did you do to her?
Every time that
something happens,
you assume that I'm the bad guy.
I didn't do a thing to her.
She just lost the will to fight.
What does that mean?
Emilia's daddio?
Man is alive and kickin'.
All I did was tell her so.
[inaudible]
[MAOU]
Jeez, Gabriel.
You've been around for millennia
and still can't read the mood.
According to recent info,
that means I'm on my way
to being an S-tier NEET.
Well. Fair 'nuff.
Was it fun to pull the rug out
from under her
entire life's purpose?
You're scum.
I'm helping!
Now she won't be tripping
over the "defeat the Devil"
rug anymore.
There's a lot of stuff
happening out in the world.
Her primary concern shouldn't
be the fry cook fiend.
Well, my fun here's done.
[MAOU]
Not so fast!
All thanks to your
stupid angel's quarrel.
a good friend of mine got hurt!
[MAOU] You step on people
like they're ants,
and then have the gall
to call it righteous.
That's low, even for us.
You're familiar
with what we call
the beings of our realm,
are you not?
Well, duh.
Demons.
[MAOU]
That's right.
We're demons.
We're monsters.
We hunt and kill and
terrorize just to survive.
But we know what we are,
and we own up to it.
And here?
The humans persist,
acknowledging the weight
of their sins and misdeeds.
They're far nobler than you!
To be honest, I'm lost,
but I'm getting the
feeling you want to fight.
The vibes of violence.
'Kay, Gabe.
This one's all you.
Boop.
I told you.
Even with
your full Devil powers,
I can kick your booty
to the curb.
Maybe being the Hero
is too much responsibility
for me to deal with.
You hate being the Hero?
I sure used to.
But the older I get,
the more I see
how much good it's brought
into my life over the years.
It brought me my favorite girl.
[giggles]
Hey, that makes me think.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Think what?
Have you ever thought
about what you want to be
when you grow up?
Rilaxuma! Imma be that!
Are you saying you
wanna be a teddy bear?
'Cause Mama
really loves Rilaxuma!
And Alas Ramus
really loves Mama!
I'll be the best Rilaxuma ever!
And make you happy!
Mama?
Sorry, baby. I guess
I lost my courage for a minute.
Here! No more sad!
You just snapped all
the sad right outta me.
No sense worrying about it now.
Let's go.
[yells]
Feel free to head out.
[ASHIYA]
My liege!
Ashiya! Stop him!
Sire.
It won't be easy.
The tip might be gone,
but she's still sharp!
Slicin' and dicin' all day!
[ASHIYA]
Prove it to me, you fool!
[GABRIEL]
Later gator.
--Ah!
--Huh?
You fight like the Hero.
Strength over strategy, huh?
Yeah. Bang!
What is this?
You've barely touched
the real goods.
You've merely been
ragging on my replicants.
[RAGUEL]
You moron!
[MAOU]
Emi!
Looks like I'm just in time.
[GABRIEL] You're over
your existential crisis?
Thought that'd be
harder to process.
[EMI] I'm repressing that crap;
I'll deal with it later!
Procrastination's a no-no.
If you start slacking now,
you'll end up a
NEET like Lucifer!
Hey! Since when
did you know this trick?
This one! He's the real deal!
Hurry! I can't
hold him for long!
Maou!
Heavenly Fang of Light!
[GABRIEL]
Oow!
[RAGUEL grunts]
Stop wasting our time!
The future of Heaven is entirely
dependent on whether or not
we're able to capture
Lailah, ya know!
So quit interfering!
That's not going to happen.
Whoa. This is new!
That's something
you don't see every day.
I don't know whether
you're possessing this girl,
or using some weird
puppet technique,
but now that
you're finally here,
I hope you're prepared
to face my wrath!
[ASHIYA] I thought wrath
was frowned upon.
HuH? I'm... all woozy.
Aw... I'll concede.
You beat us.
We'll get outta your hair.
[RAGUEL]
We will?
[GABRIEL] I understand
we're in no position
to betray orders from Heaven,
but I've never been one to
fight a battle I might not win.
What's more.
After watching you lot
and the humans here,
I think I'm about ready
to see the old world change.
You want that, too, yeah?
Eh, not like I care.
Asta la bye bye!
We could've crushed him.
[EMI]
Lailah. Is that you?
Is that you, Mom?
This is bad.
She says that we messed up
the world's energy balance.
I guess we went
a little overboard
gathering up that magic.
[ASHIYA]
Who is "she"?
Ah. You're talking
to my mom, aren't you?
Chiho.
Please let me say something!
Uh. Sorry.
She says we don't
have any more time left.
Uh, yes.
Understood!
Chiho?
[CHIHO]
I'm so sorry!
The sun is gonna
come back out tomorrow!
Guess it's game over?
Hey, Chi!
Yeah, you should rest.
The lady you spoke with
never gave you her name?
Right.
I can't believe you were
so willing to trust her
with your body.
Something about her told me
that she was a good person.
Plus, I got to fight.
I've always wanted to
be able to protect you guys
the way that you protect me.
It was a nice change of pace.
[sighs]
You're making me nervous.
You're almost too ready
for action these days.
Go ahead and blame
my crazy friends for that.
They've turned me into
quite the thrill seeker.
Feel okay after putting
your body through that?
Physically, I'm totally fine.
It's just...
There are all these
memories in my head
that I know for a fact
don't belong to me.
Brand new images with
intense emotions attached.
For example, I see a tiny demon.
[COWORKER A] Yes.
Of course. I'm terribly sorry.
[COWORKER B] Absolutely.
We'll be compensating customers.
[RIKA, EMI sigh]
[RIKA] Wonder if that weird
stuff yesterday caused this.
Did you see it?
There were these bright waves
of light expanding in the sky.
Oh, wow.
I was busy giving
Alas Ramus a bath,
so I must've totally missed it.
[ALAS RAMUS yawns]
Mama, can we see
Chi-mi at the hospital?
Sure. We'll go make
sure she's okay after work.
[MAOU]
I'm home.
It's about time, Sire.
Welcome.
[SUZUNO]
How is good Chiho fairing?
[MAOU]
Great.
Chi's doing really well,
almost too well if you ask me.
Here's some footage
of the anomaly...
Hey, yo! Check it!
Pics on the TV!
[MAOU] Told you it
was a good investment!
For example, I see a tiny demon.
He's crying a lot,
and he's so beat up that
if I don't help him,
I think he'll die.
You see?
I only ever wanted to help you.
[MAOU]
Chi?
Sorry. I was so fixated
on stoking your flame of life
that I forgot things.
In fact, I forgot the most
important lesson of them all.
For that, I've always
wanted to apologize.
Who are you?
What are you doing
with Chi's body?
Don't fool yourself.
You could never forget about me.
Satan Jacob.
I want restoration
of all worlds.
Enta Isla, Heaven,
and the demon realm, as well.
It's no coincidence you found
yourself in this world.
[MAOU]
Huh? How could you--?
You're here because
this is a "sephirah land,"
and it wasn't too far away.
[MAOU] I don't know
what you're talking about!
[CHIHO]
She holds the other key.
And that father of hers.
Tell me. Where are
you hiding right now?
[CHIHO] I beg you.
Find the Daath of Ente Isla
and return the world
to its proper form.
Work hard, King Satan.
So, uh, I'm pretty sure.
I have this random
memory of you as a kid.
Huh?
Something the matter,
Mister Maou?
Oh, no. Nothing at all.
The woman who wore that ring.
Did she say anything
about the future?
She didn't.
Also, would it be best if I left
the ring with you or Miss Yusa?
Neither.
You should be
the one to keep it.
Might be lucky.
[URUSHIHARA] First you gotta
press the button on the top.
[SUZUNO]
Huh? The top?
What about these in the mi--?
Do the colors correspond
to different tasks?
[URUSHIHARA] Yeah, those
are too advanced for you.